But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
In condition that we will not call autism, I don't like the word autism, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
Over the last three years, you have been subjected to the most massive, harmonized, globally coordinated propaganda campaign in the history of the Western world.
Full stop.
There are no ethics.
There are no ethical boundaries to what they will do.
It is all about the utilitarian means justify the ends.
And you have to, for many of us, it's shocking.
You cannot conceive of a world in which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement, but that's what we're in right now.
You have to completely park any idea of justice, right and wrong, all that is obsolete in this battlefield environment.
You have to completely park any idea of justice, right and wrong.
All that is obsolete in this battlefield environment.
This episode is brought to you by Rumble Premium, the home of free speech and exclusive content from the voices that matter.
With Rumble Premium, you get ad-free viewing, access to exclusive shows, and premium features across the platform.
We're talking about Steven Crowder's Mug Club, Tim Pool's Timcast, Russell Brand's Raw Commentary, Redacted News, and this show.
Whether it's breaking news, real talk, or content that challenges the narrative, Rumble Premium puts you in the front row.
Support creators who actually say what they mean and mean what they say.
Go to rumble.com slash premium door 10 to join today.
That's rumble.com slash premium slash door 10 because truth shouldn't come with a film.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
If you eat like a dog, I'll let you live like a dog.
If you're like a human, I'll let you grow.
What time is it?
Game time!
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Good afternoon, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Gigome Biological.
I'm just having a little trouble with my voice there, but it'll come back.
Always I forget to clear my voice in my throat right before I click the mute button and instead I come on with frogs.
Ladies and gentlemen, my message is get off social media.
I don't have a great alternative for you right now other than PeerTube and Soapbox and just the idea that saying get off social media implies something that no one else is willing to say.
We need to get off of social media.
And more importantly, we need to get our kids off of it.
And nobody seems to care that our kids aren't even on the same social media that we are.
These are all incongruencies that need to be addressed with firm language that makes people think, like yelling at them, get the heck off of social media.
Even if there aren't alternatives right now, we need to encourage people to build them.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
that was used to make sure that intramuscular injection would never be questioned as a methodology, that virology would never be questioned as a science, and public health would be never questioned as a reason.
They've done the same thing with pandemics and gain-of-function.
It's been much more of a militant and all-encompassing operation, but nonetheless,
We have been slapped in the head by social media and specifically if you want to escape, you need to understand why the cheese is free there.
I think that is the best way.
to also show your kids why is it possible how is it possible that that snapchat allows you to use it completely for free it seems like well you know because they get something out of it no what they get out of it is worth the free cheese that's the reality of it ladies and gentlemen we do have we do have biology to learn
And we do have biology to teach, but we're going to need to go back in time.
We're going to need to reconsider everything that we thought we knew as we've come out of this pandemic.
And we need to seek the truth together.
That's the most important thing I think right now is everybody that's really seeking the truth and in earnest needs to get together.
And I would like to contribute my part with regard to the biology.
I can't contribute my part.
Are we going to be talking about excrement today?
No.
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement off stage.
Ladies and gentlemen, I really think we're finally able to kind of say it as succinctly as possible, and that is that social media has been used against us, and it is the military weapon that everybody isn't talking about.
The control of the narrative on social media, not the public censorship, not the public, you know, outcry about what Facebook did or what X did, but the very complicated theater about that.
and how it convinced the right and the left to essentially fragment, convinced us to fragment very violently.
And we need to show our children the truth that actually our neighbors have been fooled.
And it doesn't really matter if you're blue looking over at a red house or whether you're living in a red house looking over at a blue house.
The reality is the same.
Both sides have been fooled.
It may seem like right now, the potential energy for a face plant is much farther on the red side, but I assure you at any moment in time, the same mechanisms of control could be used to create the situation where the face plant would be on the left.
I think right now we've been set up as is typical in history for the face plant, the really severe one.
to be for the conservative side in an effort to move toward what has been in history termed kind of a communist or socialist regime.
I think it is very possible.
Somebody was pretty pissed off at me yesterday about, I guess, my inability to see that the left was about to rise and
and that maybe in a few years, people who had bent on Joe Rogan would be put in prison.
I don't know if that's how far this is gonna go, but I do know that the one way that I think we could save ourselves from this is to show our children that it's all an illusion and that they don't need to pick up guns and fight for one side or the other.
What they need to do is break out of this.
They need to save their family and friends, their family and friends, including their parents,
including their aunts and uncles from this elaborate fifth generation warfare on the right.
which included a lot of these very fake skeptical groups that of course are, they're full of people with genuinely good interests.
And it's very easy to condescendingly look at anyone that fell for these people as being dumb.
But in reality, because of the way that we are governed, because we don't need to actually have a majority, we just need to project the illusion of a majority.
It is possible that for this fifth generation warfare to haven't had
a significant role to play in a carefully gamed script.
And I know I've got a few friends who are all about gaming scripts and making sure that all bases are covered and all scenarios are covered as they move through their law case or the way that they script an interview with a witness or this kind of thing.
But this is also, these military tactics are also employed
were employed during the pandemic on both sides.
And it is just now the part in the narrative where this side of the equation, the side that is defending Trump and defending, I don't know, maybe Elon Musk is good or not.
Maybe Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is good, but not good enough.
Or, you know, Donald Trump isn't really covering up Epstein.
Epstein's a real guy though.
And Steve Bannon needs all three of those pens because he works so hard.
and Bitcoin and COVID.
This occupation of our consciousness on the right and the left is a sort of wicked harmony.
You can't have one without the other.
In other words, Trump's existence on the right would not be as powerful if it wasn't for the Trump derangement syndrome
that exists on the left.
Without the effect that a lot of these people have had on their followers, Trump would not be able to have the effect that he has on his followers.
And that is a very simple explanation, but I hope you can start to understand how this two sides of the coin thing has really been applied to us.
And if Mark or I
right now i think mark is on a plane returning from vacation but if mark was to come back and start to show you a history and show business of two sides of a coin that seem to be intimately involved in again seeding this narrative of either a
a heroic patriot in the form of a playboy named Donald Trump or a democracy destroying psychopath in the form of Donald Trump.
So I really, I think this message is new.
I think it's really unique.
Fifth generation warfare is both sides of this equation.
It is Donald Trump and defending him and thinking that he's a hero and playing, you know, five D chess along with
health and human services secretary robert f kennedy jr who who i happen to write a dumb book with um or or the view and and their sort of you know worship of fauci and nih and and francis collins and his guitar this is all part of one
theater.
It is, as best as I can describe it, a Lollapalooza of liars.
And most of these people are actors with just a little better script than what Alex Jones has been provided with, a little better role than the role that Alex Jones has been provided with.
But suffice it to say that 10 years ago, no one who follows Alex Jones would have ever predicted that they themselves would be following Alex Jones behind
I don't know, Elon Musk and Peter Thiel and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Steve Bannon.
It is an absurdity that now that we are here and we can see out the windows of the car that we're in, we must demand that the drivers stop and we get out.
We must demand that the drivers stop and we get out because we are victims.
We did not realize we didn't get into a car of good people.
We weren't being told stories full of truth.
but we got abducted onto a very sketchy sci-fi movie and several of these people have been posing as science officers and the like for quite some time and it's bad it's very
Very, very bad.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
I have recently added some technology to my room, and it is some of the best and most important technology I have added.
Oftentimes in the summer, I find myself with bare ankles, if not bare legs, in my basketball shorts underneath the desk.
And because the back door is often open, inevitably this becomes a feast for any stray mosquito or gnat or whatever other biting bug might be in here.
And I have installed a bug light which has changed my life.
So, you know, little things, ladies and gentlemen, little things.
Welcome to the show.
Again, I'm very happy to be here.
I took a few days off.
It's been a very turbulent weekend.
Not to say that, you know, anything is wrong with the family or anything like that.
I'm blessed with
Very, very happy kids getting ready to go back to school this week.
And just a very harmonious little house full of dogs that love everybody and kids that get along pretty well and tend to not, you know,
get too violent and a happy friend and wife.
And so I wish that all for everyone.
I wish that all for everyone.
I can't believe it has been six years since we started this little mess and how far we've come.
The sound that you hear in the background is actually that set, which I can switch to now.
It is the set of the Star Trek Enterprise from the original television show.
And this is just kind of the background sound because I want you to start, if you haven't seen my latest broadcasts, I'd really like you to go back and watch them.
I haven't sworn very much in those broadcasts and I know that swearing is hard for a lot of people to deal with.
I guess if you pay 14 bucks a seat and, you know, like $12 for a box of popcorn, blood and swearing is totally okay.
But if you're watching a free stream on, I don't know, a free app or you're watching a free stream on YouTube or a free stream on Twitch, I guess swearing is a really big problem.
But I'm gonna try and cut back on it as much as possible and try to stick to the biology that nobody seems to want to talk about.
That intramuscular injection seems to be a rather archaic leftover from the late 1800s when people weren't that clever.
and our understanding of our biology was pretty limited.
And the technology of a hypodermic needle seemed like a miracle, not that dissimilar to how Brett Weinstein describes the, I don't know, concept of vaccination in 2023.
So we are at a current and crucial crossroads right now because the temptation is to still believe that the red hat or the blue hat is the hat to have, to choose a team to root for, to assume that somewhere somebody is planning to save the republic.
I can guarantee you that the best way to think about it is is that everybody that's in office right now is not saving the republic and then
work backward from there.
There might be like five people.
We should identify them.
I think for sure we should identify them.
But none of them have been on PBS NewsHour.
None of them get promoted on X. None of them are on CBS News or on Sunday morning.
That is the absolute best way to look at it.
How do I look?
This way?
Yeah.
Hi, Captain, how are you?
I have everything under control.
The Romulans will be back in a... We'll be back in the... Sorry, so... Oh.
Couldn't get my lines out.
So that's the point.
These guys have been on a set of their own.
Not just a podcast set, but a whole reality set where they play a role.
And because they've been so prominently strategically and military... Militarily... Precisely...
with military precision promoted on social media, especially on the right, but also on the left, people are controlled by a limited set of discussions with a limited set of voices.
And the illusion is created that those voices are rational because they agree with each other or they disagree with each other in a very coordinated way.
And the best way to understand it is both the right and the left are watching a Star Trek episode or series that conforms to their best understanding of geopolitics and biology.
And if they watch that, that show and they watch the blue version of this show, then, you know, viruses cause pandemics and dumb people cause pandemics to go much farther and misinformation causes more people to die.
And if everybody would have just taken the vaccine, you know, nobody would have died.
or maybe a very few people.
And if you watch the red version of it, it's the exact opposite.
The spike shot was a bioweapon, and Donald Trump is a patriot, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been praying for 20 years, and the answer to his prayers is Donald Trump.
And as long as all the people that are sitting in these chairs agree to read the script, then the show goes on.
It doesn't even matter if the show doesn't make that much sense.
And the same thing happens, of course, on a Star Trek set, but the Star Trek set is less consequential to our lives than the theaters that are being enacted, facilitated on social media.
And mainstream media, that's the wickedness of this.
It's everywhere, it's ubiquitous.
It's even in the heads of state and in people in government.
That's the malevolent part of this.
It's not just rule by podcast, it's rule by coordinating with podcasts.
And so might I encourage you gently to download the PeerTube app.
You can get that right off of its own GitHub.
You could download it from the Google Store or from the App Store.
Although I do not know if either of those two providers add code to the things that they put on your phone.
So if that's true, then you should seek it out in a different way, maybe from GitHub or somewhere else like that.
You know, buyer beware or whatever it is.
Be careful of your phone, obviously, but
As far as I can tell, and as far as most people would agree, because these codes are open, simple, small, whatever, lots of people are having good luck with it.
I think the only danger here is that you're using a very old phone for
a wide variety of very good reasons.
And then you may be limited in terms of being able to use this app or not.
But if you have a relatively modern phone, I think you should have no problem with it.
And I do think it works exceptionally well.
So much better than if you go to this website here on its own.
So you got to download the PeerTube app and then you put in a little garbley gook when you're looking for PeerTube platforms.
And then when it doesn't find what you're starting to put into the search bar, it will offer you a button which says enter the URL.
And that's where you put stream.gigaohm.bio and then Bob's your uncle.
You have Gigo and Biological and Housatonic ITS on your phone when it happens, which is pretty cool.
It's pretty dang cool.
And no one else is offering that for free.
Am I getting rich from it?
No, I'm actually losing a lot of money every month right now.
And so I'm gonna ask a few times.
But if you have the ability to and find this useful information, especially maybe to help some of your friends on the left understand what happened to you, or maybe help some of your family and friends who are still fully caught up in the MAGA movement, in the MAHA movement, to free themselves from the trap.
Ladies and gentlemen, go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to share it, find a way to support it.
There was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
They can be seen in many graphs if you look for it.
And that anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was visible in the population pyramid decades ago because there were really big families after World War II.
And then they spent about a decade and a half or two trying to discourage those big families.
or the trend of big families, and they succeeded.
And that's why now when you go to an elementary school, you're not going to see a kid, a van drop off four kids.
It just doesn't barely happen anymore.
And your parents may have been from a family of six or eight
And I know in Wisconsin, people that were families of 12 and had, you know, when they were babies, they had kids that were leaving for their own adult lives.
So this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was timed.
The whole narrative was timed with it so that a minimal amount of manslaughter and lies would be necessary to create the illusion of a novel spreading pathogen.
The illusion of a novel spreading pathogen was created very specifically by just agreeing not to try and assess what was really going on.
agreeing not to really try to assess what mistakes we were making in 2020 and how that might lead to a respiratory outbreak in places that would not be contagious, it would not be explainable by a correlation or non-correlation with a PCR test, but instead would be just
the use of supplementary oxygen, the misuse of ventilators, the lack of antibiotic use, because anything that was even remotely considered on the list of possibles for COVID was assumed to be COVID and therefore viral.
And that adjustment resulted in a tripling of the deaths by pneumonia.
for about a two-year period and then a return right back to normal.
And this statistical anomaly cannot be explained by a spontaneous spreading RNA-based pathogen for a nearly endless list of reasons.
But a simple place to start is this list of reasons.
The more parsimonious explanation for this is a combination of stupidity and malevolence, manslaughter and lies.
And so we have this biology that we've all come to accept that racism and viruses can be endemic or go endemic.
We have this idea that ideas can go viral.
And these are all concepts which have no basis in reality, especially with regard to RNA.
And so this ridiculously, irreducibly complex background of genetic signals
was reduced to a very simple yes or no, non-specific PCR test.
And the only question is, how much work did they put into creating the illusion?
How much work did they put into it?
Is it a, it is a pretty high fidelity illusion or is it a pretty low fidelity illusion?
And quite frankly, we've never asked the right questions to even differentiate between those two different cons.
I'm pretty sure that with placebo, they could compartmentalize any number of iterations of the transfection, any number of different versions of the transfection.
They could geographically isolate them from one another with a vast background of placebo so that they could very carefully monitor in private, behind the scenes, those people that maybe happened to get this batch or another batch and get a great deal of data
that would allow optimization of the final mass rollout that would have occurred maybe six months or eight months into the pandemic.
And in the meantime, we were using their tests to find their ghosts, making ourselves feel like ghostbusters.
And this is terrible because their ghosts were probably never real.
It was probably just an irreducibly complex background on which these PCR tests could have never been high-fidelity diagnostics.
And a lot of the people that are in front of your family and friends right now are still using in their own medical practices, you know, diagnostics that purport to differentiate between up to 16 or 17 different viral pathogens.
And that is simply absurd.
We cannot allow this to go on.
We can't take our children to doctors who use those kinds of stupid diagnostics.
We just simply can't.
And so I do think that we have to be very precise in the language because the way that we can see that people are not making progress is through our own progress.
Our own sharpening of our language shows us how dull their knives remain.
At some point in time, we're cutting paper into shreds and they're still hardly even able to get the knife to cut through anything.
because they haven't been sharpening their ideas.
They haven't been learning.
They've been reading a script.
And so intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
It's something that we need to force people to refute.
Because if it is, then all this other discussion is surplus.
Sorry, my cord is tangled up in my stool, my bad.
If transfection of healthy humans was a crime, if we had actually told people what it was, then all the discussion of the impure RNA, DNA contaminants, all secondary to that then.
And if RNA cannot pandemic, then all of this discussion of Ralph Baric and Peter Daszak and the diffuse proposal, which many of these DNA contamination people are engaging in, is also silly talk.
And finally, if autism is a meaningless word by design,
which has an ever-expanding umbrella of symptomologies that it can encompass and an ever-increasing depth of how it can be diagnosed, then vaccines can't cause autism.
And so your family and friends were lured into a trap.
We were all lured into a trap.
And you have to have pity.
for the people that were lured into this trap or were never going to come together as a society and as a nation and maybe as a world of the greater West.
We're never going to be able to have that back again if we don't realize that both sides were fooled.
Maybe one side was offered an easier narrative or a simpler narrative or a less challenging one.
It doesn't matter what you want to add to it with regard to flavors to explain the fact that we were all fooled.
And even my Scooby-Doo link at GigaOMBiological.com is not really a sufficient level of confession because I got fooled by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the people at CHD and the people at ICANN as well.
That Health Freedom Movement was a fine-tuned military operation that's going to have another live event in Austin in September.
This is no joke, ladies and gentlemen.
America is still under attack.
It's still being ripped apart by these frauds.
And the worst part is, is that the face plant that we are being set up for, or our family and friends are being set up for, the Trump voters, the health freedom people are being set up for, the face plant hasn't even begun.
because this is for the grandchildren of earth.
They are not playing.
When this hammer comes down, it's gonna come down hard.
And so we need as many of us as possible to be succinctly saying that both sides were fooled and that maybe the nastier version of the theater was aimed at the conservative side, but that's really, it's just, it's splitting hairs at this point because we were all attacked.
Because this is for all the marbles.
Infection fatality rate.
Totalitarian protocols, right?
I mean, narcissists, essentially.
Anti-vaxxers have any grounds in this topic.
Your parents or your job.
Because the Amish aren't vaccinated.
They're not trained doctors, right?
What are we doing?
That the hospitals are being paid to give, right?
They're getting bonuses.
You can't find an autistic kid who is unvaccinated.
Very, very rare.
In the Amish community, very, very rare.
People really fall for it, especially if it has that anti-establishment fight to it.
Well, here we are.
It's 2025 and it still needs to be said.
Vaccines do not cause autism.
And so I hope you can see how much of a trap that is because if Debunk the Funk, who I briefly was
talking to me and trying to, I streamed with him once back when I was still big time lab leak and big time lost in this thing.
And Professor Dave, who I just happened to get fed by YouTube's algorithm and think, wow, how is it that this guy has been doing such devastating content on these same people that I've been trying to convince like, what's going on here?
And now you see that in September, they're actually making a show on stage together, which is, I don't know, it's pretty remarkable.
I'm just kind of shocked.
And somehow or another, the last layers of this are peeling back.
I mean, the last sort of people that were encouraging me to, I don't know, keep
doing what I thought was right are now absolutely freaking out and disavowing me.
And it wouldn't surprise me, for example, if some of them would be in the chat today, right now, because over the weekend, a few people really flipped out.
And I don't know what they're flipping out about because I have 3,000 followers and I have like 98 subscribers and I'm not a danger to anybody.
Um, I don't, I don't really know why, uh, other than I, they don't want this stuff said they don't want the Steve Bannon, Joe Rogan, Joy Behar.
I don't know.
They don't want that exposed.
They don't want the, the idea that, you know, American government could be, you could just elect all good people.
Um, we could just try really hard to repair our government over the next 10 years and try to find and identify patriots outside of these networks and see if we can change something locally.
But the idea that we have to burn this thing all down and that, and, and, and I don't understand why somebody wouldn't want to save their family and friends that were fooled like I was.
And that's why I feel like I've got a little tiny job, even if it's only a few people.
I want to help people see through Robert F. Kennedy jr.
In this this show while the show is still on Because once the show is over and it's exposed for the the fraud that it is.
I think a lot of these people I Don't know.
I don't know what's gonna happen.
It could be very ugly.
I don't know maybe maybe but Somehow or another I don't know.
I don't think they need ugly anymore most people will just stay in their house as long as the Internet's on and
So I don't know what's happening in the real world, but I do know that the last few people That needed to call me Stalin or or or something like that have done so and here we are Steve Kirsch is gonna be on stage with professor Dave and and Pierre Corey and and debunk the funk Dan Wilson and Jonathan Cooley and
Um, I don't know, I guess it's from some, from one of his three, a few of his 3000 followers is still not quite doing it right.
You know, he's just still a loser who swears too much or something like that.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on, but I do know that the people behind this have gotten us to believe, thank God for Donald Trump.
They've gotten us to believe the DOD is deploying a kill box.
that the spike shot was a bioweapon and that pandemics did not occur naturally.
That's where the crazy right in America is being taken.
And that's the bubble that they're in on Rumble.
That's the bubble they're in on Joe Rogan.
And they're happy there.
And in the meantime, on the far, far, far left, you have people thinking something very different.
Stephanie Sy has more on her mission to shape the Trump administration in her vision.
The state of Minnesota is a Somali a**hole.
I don't have any sympathy for self-aiding... So one of the things that you can help yourself see if you're still fooled by Donald Trump and you're still fooled by Tucker Carlson, you're still fooled by all of these performers, you can see that this woman was collaborating with Sasha Latupova's daughter, Soph,
who had a million followers on YouTube in 2019 and threatened to kill the YouTube CEO.
Did videos where she was wearing a hijab telling people to go kill the cops in the UK.
And that woman's mom is now very intimately associated with all of these people behind RFK and behind Trump and promoted by Steve Bannon and CHD and all the people that have fooled the far right in America.
So if you wanna save your family and friends, your grandma and grandpa, your aunt and uncle who were fooled into this movement and really believe that there's some 5D chess going, this is the place to send them.
Because I too was pretty fooled by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his elaborate staff and his high salary.
and I feel like a jackass for it.
But this woman is very easy to see through, but it's not the seeing through it that the PBS NewsHour wants you to see through.
What you need to see through is how she connects this to a much longer time horizon operation, many more years deep with a much longer and much more, a plan with much more foresight.
And that's what I think is important for us to show our kids so that they understand that the pandemic wasn't just doing the right thing.
It was something that was thrown at us, aimed at us, and it was pretty malevolent.
And it's still ongoing.
We're still getting hit by that hose.
liberal jews we need to be focused on america first not black people first she regularly utters disgusting garbage that's how republican senator tom tillis once described the self-styled journalist laura loomer all of the like meritless dei shiniquas talk the same way it's very obnoxious
But despite her detractors, the online influencer seems to wield real influence, and she knows it.
I got multiple people fired this week.
Observers say it's not a coincidence that more than a dozen high-ranking officials in the Trump administration have either lost their jobs or had their nominations revoked.
Now one of the things that I'm trying to make the argument of here is that what this could be is an orchestrated theater which is designed to make it seem like people like her on social media do have influence.
that they can change things.
And so that this could be used as evidence to influence other people to do things they're told, because there's a threat that social media could be used against them, not that dissimilar to how Laura Loomer runs the Trump administration.
And every one of these things, from the toilet paper in February of 2020, to the, oh my gosh, Elon Musk saved free speech by buying Twitter.
It's all the same kind of theater.
where what you think is happening is not happening.
And it's taken me, it's just coffee, taken me a long time to see through this.
And I'm still very confident.
I don't see it clearly yet, but I am able to step back far enough to see that, for example, Brett Weinstein didn't even need to be in the signal chat with me.
It could have been someone using his phone or a phone claiming to be Brett Weinstein.
And so maybe I thought I was in a signal chat with Brett Weinstein.
Maybe 10,000 people thought they were in a signal chat with Brett Weinstein.
How many signal chats do you think Ryan Cole was in?
If he was in your signal chat, does that mean he wasn't in anyone else's signal chat?
Is it possible that signal could be used to make it seem like Ryan Cole was in 10,000 signal chats?
Is it possible that it could seem like Ryan Cole is direct messaging thousands or hundreds of thousands of people on Instagram, but each one of those people on Instagram thinks they're special because Ryan Cole couldn't possibly answer everybody's direct message?
This is where this illusion starts to become very dark, because everybody has presumed that, you know, their secret signal group, or their, you know, got permission for that private telegram group, resulted in them having access to something, when in reality, the same clown show could have been performed in hundreds of signal chats.
The same set of circumstances and acting circumstances and backstories could be used in tens or even hundreds of signal chats.
Never mind what might be potentially done with chatbots if they are good enough or honed enough or trained well enough.
So here we are again, being told by the other side, PBS NewsHour, that Laura Loomer is effectively a powerful force on social media.
You could roll your eyes and say that conservative social media is so gay, but they are telling you that on social media, she has power.
And so the enchantment is absolutely seamless from PBS NewsHour all the way to Rumble.
And once you start to see that it only takes a certain percentage of the actors to be a part of that seamless theater, then you can see how easy it is that Trump derangement syndrome was orchestrated by the same coordinated effort that the ridiculous ideas of Trump genius and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
genius was orchestrated on the right.
after Loomer questioned their loyalty to the president.
You know, you think he's all these terrible things that all of his detractors call him.
Why do you want to work for him?
Aren't I doing you a favor?
She doesn't like things going on that she thinks are bad for the country.
I like her.
The woman Trump calls a patriot got her start in media with Project Veritas.
known for using deceptive tactics, including undercover videotaping, often to make false or exaggerated claims about its target.
So, of course, remember what you just Veritas.
That's the place, of course, where supposedly the defuse proposal was released.
where O'Keefe media is now broken off from.
I mean, this, it's all a very obvious set of admissions, but from the left, it just, it looks like, wow, my neighbors are dumb.
Wow, it's unbelievable how dumb my neighbors are.
And we need to change that as Americans or we are gonna be in trouble.
They need to see that this is a,
This was a military operation.
Those people aren't spontaneously popular on any of those platforms.
Forgets.
How can I help you, Laura?
I just have some questions about... To get to where she is today is... It's truly mind-boggling.
David Gilbert has covered Loomer's rise for Wired.
I don't think anyone would ever have guessed 10 years ago, starting out with kind of gotcha clips for Project Veritas, that she would end up being where she is today.
In 2017, she stormed the stage of a controversial Shakespeare performance in New York.
In the production, Julius Caesar, who's assassinated, bore President Trump's likeness.
Now, isn't that an interesting little thing there?
She went on stage when Julius Caesar was dressed like Donald Trump.
And of course, you know, Julius Caesar gets stabbed by all of his Senate members or whatever, which is not, it's strange, right?
Because there was also this
uh thing with Kathy Griffin and there was also this thing with Snoop Dogg's video and so it's all kind of sort of similar in a way in sort of a can't you see it yet kind of way um that's that's pretty nuts and that's in 2017 the same year that Bret Weinstein had his his big burndown at Evergreen so this is this is her interrupting interrupting the trump dressed trumped
themed Caesar stabbing on stage.
And of course, there's video.
That got her arrested, but it also more importantly got her on the radar of figures like Donald Trump and the wider MAGA movement.
Her ambush interviews put Trump's political opponents on the spot.
What happened to your 33,000 emails?
You're going to get prosecuted, Comey.
Rashida, are you willing to admit as a congresswoman that Hamas is a terrorist organization?
In 2018, after unleashing a tirade of Islamophobic tweets about then-Congresswoman-elect Ilhan Omar, she was banned from the platform for hateful conduct.
Loomer handcuffed herself to Twitter's headquarters.
Remember, again, I'm suggesting that banning people and then publicly bitching about it, banning people and then reporting it on PBS NewsHour, banning people and then allowing them to whine about it for two hours on Tucker Carlson's new platform is not really censorship.
And so they're just telling you right here, again, what are they saying?
The censorship happened?
Where did it happen?
On Twitter?
Well, does that mean that we should fight for Twitter and make it free?
She was also banned from Lyft, Uber, Instagram, and several online banking platforms.
My life is ruined!
Does anybody understand how ruined my life is?
I'm sick of it!
What she really wanted to do was get you.
But see, that's not a real person.
You can't look at that image and think that's a real person anymore.
I get it, how we were fooled.
But now as a savvy user of social media and understanding that almost all of the content that served to you is programmed to be served to you because they think it will get you here or get you to the other side of this.
then you don't see somebody just doing crazy stuff for views anymore.
You see a very scripted actor here.
attention of Trump and his base by basically going one step further than anyone else in terms of making extreme claims, making up conspiracies and posting openly racist and Islamophobic content online simply in order to get clicks, likes and follow.
And so if we start to say that, you know, racism and Islamophobia and transphobia are things that we can't tolerate anymore in the public square,
then social media will be patrolled.
They can institute some form of ID so that they can enforce that and ban people just like they did before, but now under the pretense that these things are not to be tolerated.
Now that's very small, but
PeerTube and Soapbox may actually be outside of that.
PeerTube, if it's just my videos and just my servers and just my website, could, I think, be argued to be free speech.
and my own free speech, whereas using YouTube or using some big platform with all kinds of extra features like Twitch has, maybe that's different.
But when everybody can set up a server and everybody can get a web page or set up a web page, then it's hard for me to imagine that you're
I guess your internet provider could require you to log in.
And in that case, Verizon might not serve up my website.
All of those possibilities are there, but the bottom line is that what we are doing with PeerTube and Soapbox is as cutting edge as whatever else is out there.
Nobody else is doing it.
Providing PeerTube without login with an app is unlike anything that anyone else is doing.
And our soapbox is essentially just TruthSocial or BlueSky.
And so the existence of TruthSocial and BlueSky are both admissions that these kinds of federated, decentralized platforms are probably pretty viable.
It's just that right now, of course, there is a concerted effort, a militarily concerted effort to not allow that to happen, to make sure that the hypothetical public square that people fight for is social media, and it's not the right to have their own.
And I think that this is something that's a message that no one else has right now.
And the only reason why we're here is because of six years of struggling to figure it out, hoping that one of these people would listen to us and never realizing that you can text the cast of Star Trek all you want, you're never gonna change their lines.
You can text the Star Trek cast all you want that something is incongruent because the Romulans wouldn't do that and it's not gonna change anything.
But social media has allowed us to be fooled into believing that we were watching a soap opera that we could affect.
And this is not a soap opera we can affect.
This is a soap opera that is militarily honed to drive us apart as a nation.
And we need to break that.
on social media.
A fighter is running for Congress, and her name is Laura Loomer.
Two runs for Congress followed, with a million dollars in financial support from the likes of Alex Jones, Roger Stone and Matt Gaetz, fellow bombastic personalities and conspiracists on the radical right.
She refused to accept her 2022 primary loss.
I'm not conceding, because if I'm a winner,
election denial.
It's funny that some people in the chat think that if you weren't fooled by Laura Loomer, you're some kind of really smart, insightful people person.
Instead of, you know, not being able to see that social media fooled a lot of people and Laura Loomer doesn't have to have fooled anybody really.
Tim Pool doesn't have to fool anybody, really.
What they have to do is say things that are provocative and stick in people's minds.
That's like, Tim, is Nick Fuentes influencing a lot of people that really matter?
Has anybody having trouble seeing through Nick Fuentes?
But the point of it is, is to understand that social media has its layers and there are obvious
frauds, and then there are all kinds of people under and above those people that are just as fraudulent that because of extreme training and professionalism are much better than her.
I wonder if Janet Reno in the audience has ever considered the possibility that it's only on the background of people like these that these other people have the legit ring that they do, where somebody might say that, I don't know, Hunter Biden, if he wouldn't swear, might sound a little bit like Churchill.
That's the kind of dumb shit that happens when you use social media as some kind of a tool for intelligent learning.
...inspired by Donald Trump, who Loomer redoubled her support for in the wake of her electoral losses.
During the 2024 campaign, Loomer posted, if Kamala Harris wins, the White House will smell like curry.
Now the NIH smells like curry.
Holy shit, that's funny.
Wow.
A fantastic woman, a true patriot, Laura Loomer.
Trump mentioned her in fond terms on the stump, and she was spotted getting on his campaign plane last fall.
But he's never given her a job.
Still, she fights for him.
I'm starting to have some serious doubts about who is in control in the Oval Office, because
I have just seen so many instances of Donald Trump giving orders and then his orders not being respected by his.
What you should be seeing and marveling at is that PBS NewsHour is showing Laura Loomer to the left as a legitimate representation of the conservative right, whatever that is in America.
That's what's screwed up here.
Not that somebody could always see through Laura Loomer.
What a kind of weird and childish thing to post in the chat in 2025.
Of course we can see through Laura Loomer.
The more stunning thing is, is that PBS NewsHour can't seem to see through it.
That apparently they're telling us that Donald Trump can't see through it.
And we're taking that seriously instead of reporting that as stupid?
We need Americans to wake up to the fact that PBS NewsHour is just as dumb as Alex Jones right now for the simple fact that they're reporting an Alex Jones level influencer as having some real effect on human history.
And it's absurd, except for they're all part of the same theater.
After an Oval Office meeting with Loomer in April, the president fired six National Security Council officials.
And, sometimes, I listen to those recommendations, like I do with everybody.
I listen to everybody that I make a decision.
STEPHANIE SY Even when the president doesn't give it, Loomer has taken credit for the firings or resignations of more than a dozen people, including his nominee for surgeon general, the top lawyer at the National Security Agency, and the vaccine chief at the FDA.
I thought the Surgeon General was that other chick that Callie means or Casey means.
I thought they got rid of this one.
So isn't that funny?
All this shell games that they're playing, they don't even know anyone and Maha's even paying attention anymore because it's such a joke.
And that is very easy for the PBS NewsHour to portray as incompetence to the left.
And so the right in America is being set up.
And while you're over there waiting for Steve Kirsch to debate, you know, Professor Dave, or while you're over there, I don't know, watching Kim Iverson solve the puzzle or trying to follow Whitney Webb, they are setting you up for some serious face planting and crow eating feasts.
At the very, very bare minimum, there's going to be crow eating here.
Was rehired last weekend.
I'm not working for President Trump.
I'm not getting paid by President Trump.
I'm not in the Trump White House.
I wasn't even on the Trump campaign.
And yet I feel like every single day it's a full time job just to make sure the president is protected and that he's receiving the information that he needs to receive.
A full time job.
No one hired.
It's a full-time job to keep the president protected, right, because he was shot at a few times.
This is really remarkable how the barbecued chicken just has a few simple ingredients, and they keep hitting it every time.
And that's why it turns out so damn good.
For the PBS NewsHour, I'm Stephanie Sy.
I find it quite remarkable.
I don't know.
I think it's pretty cool because those people actually believe that the Trump administration is destroying our democracy and is about to gut our Constitution.
I think that opening the Constitution to amendment and revision is a dumb idea because
You have one plan, and the people that actually do it will have another plan, so it'll never go well.
COVID was a public health disaster of dumb people.
That's what the people on the left think.
And pandemics happen, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is killing kids.
That's what they think.
That's what the PBS NewsHour, that's what these left people on the view are saying and thinking.
And there are shorts and TikTok videos to back it up.
So you need to be aware of where we are.
You need to be acutely aware of where we are and where we're about to land because
I don't think a lot of people on the Trump voting side are aware.
I don't think a lot of rural America is aware of where New York City is or where Washington DC is or California is.
And that's one of the things that somebody got in a very big argument with me about over the weekend is that apparently I don't understand how bad it is in the cities.
I don't understand how bad it is with the left.
They're about ready to, I guess, start shooting people.
And that kind of, I don't have any space for that.
I don't have any solution for that.
If that's really where this is going, then I think the best way out is to discourage both sides from assuming that they are certainly right.
Which is what I think I've been doing for a very long time and yet somehow or another I still manage to lose subscribers one at a time.
I guess for swearing too much.
I think we should swear about this.
This is nasty.
I think we should swear about the background that has been misconstrued as spread but most importantly I think we should be swearing about this because this is a biological signal that is so big and so obvious and the fact that nobody will talk about it
that nobody can explain it but me, that this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, if it was timed appropriately, would be very, very easy to use to create the illusion of a pandemic, and very little sculpting with manslaughter and lies would be necessary.
I've created a cartoon above my head to show you a very simple diagram of a background of genetic information composed of green signals and purple signals.
And you could use a relatively nonspecific PCR test to misconstrue the green signal, for which we have no data before the pandemic, as something that just showed up.
And then anybody using this test would report that they found the red
DNA signal, the red RNA signal, when in reality they were finding the green signal that was always there.
And then at the start of the Omicron, they could say that, well, the PCR test stopped working because the Omicron has had so many mutations in its spike protein.
So the new tests now find Omicron.
And so with a very simple orchestration with two reliable background signals previously characterized before the pandemic, it would be relatively simple for somebody like Kevin McKernan to design a set of diagnostics that would pick up first
background signal green, and then later, whenever he was cued, his company could roll out an advanced test, a modified test to find the new phylogenetic ancestor, the purple one.
When in reality, the green one and the purple one were always there, and all they needed to do was trick you for a little while and tell you the green one was the red one.
You know, the new one, the novel one.
And time that little theater with this
anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
It is shocking how annoying it is that repeating this is considered a car wreck.
Apparently my last two or three weeks of streams have been nothing but car wrecks.
And all I'm really doing is repeating this over and over again.
This signal explains 90% of whatever they've called the pandemic.
Essentially just gave them balls on T's that they could hit.
And so this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality is really the problem.
This is the problem that they solved with Denny Rancor, because Denny Rancor made graphs where you could see the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, but Denny Rancor couldn't see anything in those graphs.
Instead, he said it was poverty level or household income or serious mental illness and tried to say that there's no evidence of spread.
If there's no evidence of spread, then what's killing people?
And he didn't explicitly explain it.
He explicitly said he does not know.
That's not his job to figure things out.
He's not an investigator.
He just works on numbers and stuff.
And so he wasn't aware of the all anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
He's not really able to explain how he calculates baseline here in light of the fact that there's an anticipated, there's a rise here, you can see it.
But he's not able to explain how he calculated his baseline here.
He just says, yeah, it's in my figures, you know, 105 figures in a paper.
105 figures in a paper that's supposed to explain something to do with this.
And we thought he was legitimate.
I thought he was legitimate until he showed up in Romania on stage with somebody like Steve Hatfill and Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and holy crap, Brett Weinstein and Nick Hudson and fricking Jessica Rose for goodness sakes.
And, and Ryan Cole.
Look at this picture.
It's just a rubbish.
It's junk.
community mayors are spending thousands of dollars on this crap, trying to screen their employees and their nursing homes for something that's not gonna turn positive for a week, even though you're infectious.
I said, dude, you need these capture antigen things.
Now remember what I'm trying to explain here is that these people
were put on podcasts that were put in front of people that needed to see these people.
Your family and friends maybe didn't need to see these people because Tony Fauci told them all they needed to know.
Rochelle Walensky told them all they needed to know.
And because they're pretty trusting people, that's all the farther they investigated.
But people that went farther, critically thinking citizens that put in the right search terms were shown these people.
And these people were either put in place beforehand or recruited during and accepted the script.
This guy was in Rhodesia running anthrax vaccines or Ebola vaccines at the same time that Meryl Nass was in Africa.
In the same congressional hearings as Robert Malone and Veer Sharab and Meryl Nass.
This is not by accident.
It's because it's a long con.
It's a very long con.
it is the most advanced psychological operation on earth and it doesn't just have social media but a lot of it has to do with social media and the
The motivation to make social media the sort of superior medium of control, apart from newspapers and TV and governments and government propaganda.
Now they're using social media in a way that was never possible with TV and with magazines and such.
And in that interview, of course, he says that
him and Robert Malone went to Rome in 2021 and they didn't have vaccine passports even though in 2021 Robert Malone said he was fully vaccinated with two shots of Moderna so I guess he forgot his card.
And they were on stage in 2023 with all of these other people that have fooled a lot of people on the right in America and a lot of people on the right in other countries and that
organized malevolence needs to be exposed so that we can save as many of those people as possible from the set up and scripted humiliation to come.
Because there is a scripted humiliation to come.
This guy's not real.
And at some point in time, anybody that's defending him on social media may very well be on a list.
Maybe they already are.
Maybe that's part of the operation.
But you need to see that your family and friends could forgive you, could understand if you could succinctly explain how malevolent the trap was.
This guy's been operating behind the scenes since David Hohn was sleeping on his couch.
This guy's operating behind the scenes since Ebola and Zika.
This guy was vetted for U.S.
Emirate, according to his interview with Stephen Hadfield and Tommy.
This guy's been around the world with the same people for six consecutive COVID international summits, where they convinced a lot of dissident people in a lot of different countries to go along with this narrative that the mRNA is a bad idea, that they made mistakes with the lockdown, but there was a virus.
And it's probably a lab leak.
And that is the narrative that's still putting shots in people's arms.
That's the narrative that's still getting parents to be bullied into taking the measles shot.
That's the narrative that was still being used on my kids last week when we went to the doctor and I told you the story.
They took my 13 year old in a separate room and asked him once again, do you know, do you need to hear something about vaccines?
Cause your parents don't really know.
And are you a boy or a girl?
And so this shit is very, very real, but it's real in a very malevolent way that again, because we only went to the doctor in the last two years, last week, we only saw it again for the first time, but we lost our doctor because we're not going back to a guy who does that.
and asks those questions.
Not just because he told my son he was only going to be 5'10 so give up on the MBA, but because he took him in a private room and said, you know, do you want to change your mind about vaccines because you're very behind and your parents don't seem to understand how important that is.
Asked him whether he was sure he was a boy or a girl.
Asked him whether this is not good, ladies and gentlemen, and part of it is this guy.
Part of it is Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Part of it is the fake anti-vax movement.
Part of it is Paul Offit.
Part of it is Steve Bannon and Aaron Seery and Goldman Sachs lawyers that like to make a lot of money off of movies or a lot of movie money off of vaccine injury.
And so the premise is that America is run by a false two-party theater.
And if you accept this premise, which I think a lot of people do in America right now, then you have to see that the only way that would work is if the national security state was actually running it.
The only way it would work is that if anybody gets into office, they already passed the test.
And that means election fraud is a lot of hamster wheeling.
It gets people to waste a lot of time and energy when in reality, there's no election fraud.
It's always fraud.
It's a national security imperative that elections are never spontaneous and always controlled.
If you can't accept that, then this message is not for you, and that's totally fine.
This message isn't for everyone, but it is for anyone, because I believe that Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and anyone that rises into clear view on social media is put there on purpose, and they are need-to-know, basis-scripted actors.
They accept that they don't know everything, and they don't care.
Cause that's what actors do.
If you take a job as a Klingon and they make you kill people in the next Star Trek movie, you're not going to say, well, I didn't sign up for that.
And if you signed up for this to be in clear view and they tell you to talk about the aspects of the COVID shot that have venom, then you do it.
If you signed up to be one of these people in Clearview and you're a need-to-know scripted actor and they tell you to talk about gut bacteria, then you do it.
If they tell you to tell you that the spike protein is amyloidogenic, you do it because you're a scripted actor who's agreed that if you do it right and your audition is successful, you will rise into Clearview.
And you'll be part of this show that Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and all these lower-level players are a part of.
governing America and the world by social media.
And maybe American social media will dominate the world because America provides that, America has that, and that's our tech.
I don't know how this is going to work, but I know for sure it was used on us.
Robert Malone told us when he was on stage in Stockholm.
Hi, I'm Robert F. Kennedy Jr., your HHS secretary, and I'm here with Dr. Susan Menares, who is our new CDC director.
She's the first director in American history who has been confirmed by the Senate.
Dr. Susan Menares, would you put your left hand on the Bible, raise your right hand.
I'm very happy to have Dr. Minari as a board.
She comes to us from ARPA-H.
She's a tech genius, and she's going to drive AI and modernize CDC's data systems.
And we're going to be able to provide first-class information, gold standard science to the American people.
I take this obligation freely.
Susan is a expert in public health and I'm confident that she will do everything that she can to restore the integrity of this agency.
The duties of the office.
Thank you, sir.
I am truly honored and humbled.
Thank you so much for your support over the past several months.
I am so honored with the privilege of heading up CDC.
It's such an important institution and I look forward to supporting you.
I mean, just imagine if, you know, he was there shirtless because that's essentially the kind of comedy that we're dealing with right now.
This is a well-chosen
Insider here who's got all the inside knowledge to know what's real and what's not, and certainly knows more than he probably does at this point.
It's not like when they hired him, they took him away to a quick, you know, three-week briefing where they read him all the classified stuff so that he could know everything that was going on from the pandemic.
This guy is a dude in a suit.
His audition included swinging from chains at the beach.
Like, I fell for it.
I did, until a certain moment when I realized that nobody's listening to me, nobody's learning what I have to teach.
And while I'm progressing to understand that, wow, they could say it better, these people are trying to build a big top tent for health freedom and sell books.
What the hell's going on?
And lots of people have fallen for this.
Lots of people have fallen for it because there are all these little nuggets of truth in the, in the nutrition movement, in the new age movement.
It's all sounds really good, but anybody that's really good, like Brandy Vaughn or Tony Bark gets killed.
At least they used to.
I don't know if you can do wet work anymore.
Over the next several years as we continue to make America healthier again.
So help me God.
Thank you very much and welcome aboard.
Thank you, sir.
Produced by the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services.
It's remarkable.
I mean, it really is.
It's quite remarkable.
I want to go back in time before the pandemic, because I think there's a lot we need to revisit and relearn.
And this is a lecture by Ralph Baric about coronaviruses.
And I want to see if I can pull a little piece of
of history out of this in the sense of kind of clue you in on how we're going to talk about virology going forward and what to listen for in any virology lecture that you would hear from an academic like this because the
The terminology that they use and the way that they say it doesn't explicitly say what they're doing, when in fact what they are doing is making large quantities of pure DNA using synthetic methodologies, and those pure quantities of DNA are applied to cell culture.
It is remarkable how somebody can give a talk like this and walk around the idea that they are just finding genetic ghosts and then making pure quantities of them.
It's like, you know, you draw a picture of a ghost on a
on a piece of paper and you say, this is what I saw.
And then somebody at a Hollywood set makes 400 of them and puts them in your backyard.
It's like, well, yeah, okay.
But the one I saw walked through a wall and then it was gone.
Well, these are ghosts.
You know, and it's a very similar thing to that if you say that, well, I can detect this genetic signal and some parts are missing, but I'll fill in the blanks and then I'll make a bunch of it and then use it and say that I'm recapitulating what I think that signal did in the wild.
Very similar to the ghost.
And when the ghost doesn't pass through walls, they have some reason why it doesn't.
Maybe it's the limitations of the experiment.
But in reality, that's what they're doing.
And so this lecture, I think, is really nice because he says a couple of key aspects of it, which I think I have a bibliographic sort of
reference list that if we go through it step by step you will see that actually what he reveals in this talk is that the transfection of cell culture to create
virology requires a couple key steps, which is transfection of certain particular proteins, which I presume causes the formation of exosomes.
And so if you just have these three proteins, you will get exosomes.
And then if there's RNA in the cell, and N protein in the cell, then that might very well get packaged inside of the exosomes.
And
this might be nothing more than them trying to study the machinery of exosomes without actually explicitly saying that they're studying potentially zoonotic
exosome signaling.
So it's not viruses that are all by themselves trying to take over the world, but it's signaling from the immune system, from the cells of animals that can occasionally interact with our own.
It could be signaling from the microbiome of these animals that we are seeing interact with our own microbiome, but none of these possibilities are entertained.
And instead, what we're talking about is RNA signals
that are attacking us.
And so there's no real complicated biology in there at all.
Most importantly, because there's no microbiome, no phage communication, and no exosomal communication, which all comprise this irreducibly complex genetic background from which they purport to be pulling these particular signals.
So I think it's a cool video because he's going to tell you how they make the donuts.
And I think very few people have seen this video.
Is it going to start?
We're going to hear from Ralph Beck from the University of North Carolina, who's going to tell us about synthetic genomics of SARS.
So I also would like to thank the organizers for inviting me to talk.
It's been a wonderful venue and a real pleasure to be here and capture some new ideas that can be tried out on viruses.
So the general themes that I'm going to talk about today are a basic short introduction into SARS biology.
talk about the synthetic resurrection and reconstruction of a variety of zoonotic SARS viruses and their applications.
So already it's kind of sketchy words, right?
Resurrection?
I don't know if I was a scientist, I would ever use the word resurrection.
I also found it really weird that when you kill an animal after experiment, they call it a sacrifice, calling it sacrificing the animal.
Is that what we're doing?
I just say kill, put them down.
I don't know.
But that language of resurrect is really goofy to me.
Therapeutics and vaccine design.
I'll also touch on CODOM deoptimization as a way to attenuate SARS pathogenesis, but I certainly haven't gone to the depth of studies that Eckerd's group has done.
And then I'll talk about rewiring SARS coronavirus transcription circuits as a way, universal strategy to attenuate viral pathogenesis.
So this is a schematic diagram of the SARS coronavirus particle.
It's about 100 nanometers in diameter.
It contains a helical nucleocapsid inside.
It contains a single-stranded plus polarity RNA genome.
This nucleocapsid structure is surrounded by a lipid bilayer.
It contains several viral glycoprotein spikes.
The important ones for today's talk include the M-glycoprotein and the E-protein, which are shown right here.
These proteins are absolutely essential for maturation and release and the production of virus particles.
So the N-protein, the M-protein and the E-protein are absolutely essential for the formation of virus particles, the maturation of them.
So from a biotechnology perspective, you can imagine actually that these proteins are the
most important ones to understand and find in your signal because these are indicative of the surrounding spike protein and other things being part of it.
Think about the fact that he's saying you can get viral proteins with just these three
proteins plus the RNA.
So already, you can see the possibility that maybe we're talking about using those three proteins to package up any RNA that we make.
Don't forget that we have fine tuned E. coli to do almost exactly what we want it to do.
And so it would be pretty easy to make E. coli assemble these three proteins and start packaging stuff in it.
And so if this is kind of a ubiquitous mechanism, if it's kind of a rather common mechanism among animals or among their microbiomes, among phage, bacteriophage communication for this kind of an assembly to occur,
They're not making any attempt to differentiate from phages which share the same characteristics.
They're not making any attempt to differentiate from them and where they might replicate.
Instead, they create cell culture models where these entities purport to replicate in cells of the mythological type.
In other words, if you wanted to tell a story about bacteriophages replicating in our
ovaries, then what you would need to do in the context of Ralph Baric and the NIH and DARPA or whatever is hire somebody to make a culture of ovarian cells and find an RNA transcript and a spike protein or whatever you assemble that would cause it to replicate in ovarian cells and then back claim that this is evidence that this virus replicates in the ovaries.
That's exactly what's happening here and what happened with the original SARS and what's happening with the SARS-CoV-2 viruses.
People are telling us that they understand the natural biology of this RNA molecule by creating elaborate artificial conditions wherein that RNA molecule appears to replicate and package itself.
And Ralph Baric holds a monopoly on that intellectual property with regard to coronaviruses by design.
It's not to say that the molecular biology isn't real, but it's being misrepresented as molecular biology that isn't synthetic, that isn't trying to mimic some endogenous mechanism, but is instead purported to be our best effort of recapitulating what is a dangerous viral pathogen.
instead of, again, this irreducibly complex background and an irreducibly complex signaling background about which we're trying to learn something and maybe even learn to use.
So keep that in mind.
The second viral protein of interest for today's talk is the S-glycoprotein gene, as shown right here, which gives the virus its unique appearance in the electron microscope.
It's the viral attachment protein that binds to the receptor to mediate docking and entry into the cells.
It regulates tissue tropism, species specificity.
It contains a large number of important neutralizing epitopes, and it's the principal component of protective immunity.
Now, if you tear this virus particle apart and look at... And of course, that's an incredibly wonderful story that the spike protein is the primary focus of immunity.
And to tell that story all the way back then is, of course, ridiculous.
This guy just got through telling you that the N-protein, the M-protein, and the E-protein are absolutely essential for the maturation and formation of viral particles.
But they are virtually
they're virtually non-existent with regard to the immune response to this process, which is remarkable.
It's not an immune response to viruses.
It should be thought of as an immune response to this aberrant process, which is transfection.
If a foreign RNA from a rat or a bat could get inside of your body and start using your cellular machinery to replicate itself, then the immune response would be to that process, not to that clump of shit.
not to that lipid nanoparticle, not to that whatever you call it, virus, exosome.
No, it is biologically, by definition, it's not gonna be a response to that little clump of crap.
It's gonna be a response to the process that gets initiated and all of the aberrant signaling that would occur if an RNA were doing something that wasn't supposed to be happening in that cell.
And yet here is Ralph Baric telling you that coronaviruses work very simply.
They have three proteins for assembly and one of the proteins on the outside is the focus of immunity.
Dun, dun, dun, dun.
You understand everything.
I can get on with it.
The viral genomic positive stranded RNA is about 30,000 base pairs in length.
They're the largest plus polarity RNA genomes in nature.
The first 20,000 base pairs are so encode the replicase proteins.
whose job it is to replicate the genome and express subgenomic messenger RNA that encode these downstream open reading frames.
So the genome organization of coronas are quite different than polioviruses, which you've just heard about.
Now, these downstream ORFs encode the structural genes like the S, E, M, and nucleocapsid protein that I just mentioned that were present in the virion, and a variety of accessory ORFs,
To get these expressed in cells, you find a nested set of subgenomic messenger RNA.
They're arranged from the three prime end of the genome so that all the sequences in the smallest message are in the next largest message and so on and so forth.
This organization allows different open reading frames to be placed at the five prime ends of different messenger RNAs.
so they can be efficiently translated and expressed in cells.
Now, this could easily be a complicated molecular signaling mechanism that's present in a wide variety of mammals.
It could be a signaling mechanism that is present in a wide variety of bacteria, especially in the microflora of our guts or in our lungs.
It's possible any number of those things could be true, and they are portraying them as
independent biological entities so that they can be studied in a very different way.
And where any potential use or application or deployment
of these synthetic technologies could again be misconstrued as a natural phenomenon, which does not exist as this guy is explaining it, where your immune system makes a response to the S protein.
There are 31 other proteins.
A lot of them are very complicated enzymes that copy RNA.
and RNAs that we don't even have naturally in our cells, but our immune system ignores all those things and focuses on this spike protein.
That's how malevolent this is.
That's how nasty this is.
That's how long the con was because this guy's job was to con academia.
to make sure that any academics, including people like myself, if we went looking, we would find exactly the guy that could explain it just with the right cartoons and just with the right amount of jargon to make us feel like we just learned a lot from that hour.
And it was just hard enough to pay attention to feel like we earned it.
Not that dissimilar to James Giordano, although this guy's a little level or two lower because his audience isn't like sharp West Point graduates or a whole set of law students.
His audience is a very diverse, very highly specialized and humbled, you know, academia.
Now, the transcription strategy of these viruses are unique.
And in fact, each messenger RNA contains a leader sequence of about 70 nucleotides shown here, these little blue boxes, that is derived from the five prime end of the genome.
So these are discontinuous stretches of RNA that are joined during transcription.
And these little red box elements right here are absolutely essential for mediating the joining of these two sequences.
This will become very important later on in the talk.
So keep the concept of TRS elements, the little red box elements,
as being essential for regulation of messenger RNA synthesis.
Now, I'm going to talk about synthetic genomics in the context of a platform to control emerging infectious diseases.
If you think about emerging viruses, they have tremendous potential to cause high morbidity and mortality and severe economic hardship.
Good examples are HIV, the 1918 flu, SARS coronavirus, H5N1,
Chikungunya virus probably most recently.
We shouldn't forget the lab leak of polio virus in New York City in the early 1900s.
Sorry about that volume.
Now clearly genetic introductions are increasing and a large number of these viruses have large reservoir pools of animal strains like SARS and H5.
that are maintained as sort of heterogeneous swarms of pools of viruses.
of which someone may actually emerge.
See, so he's kind of admitting it's a maintained swarm of heterogeneous viruses in the background.
So we're not talking about a wiped clean chalkboard on which a relatively rudimentary PCR test is still pretty much the gold standard diagnostic.
No, we're talking about an irreducibly complex background that somebody like Nathan Wolf was making a living grifting about for years before the pandemic.
And again, metagenomic sequencing is the way that one can grift on that irreducibly complex background.
And metagenomic sequencing was actually invented by someone who was trying to understand bacteriophages, because they are 70% of all the genetic signals in the background anyway.
The future to cause epidemic disease in humans.
This raises a conundrum in terms of how do you protect the public health against a future occurrence that is hard to predict,
How do you develop drugs and therapeutics against an unknown from this heterogeneous swarm of variant strains that will actually work against the unknown that will emerge in the future?
And how do you target your scarce resources?
And so we think platform technologies like synthetic biology, phylogenomics, structural modeling, high-throughput sequencing really will provide a platform
So phylogenomics is just like, okay, we're going to, you know, see what we find when we go fishing.
Structural modeling is what Robert Malone did at the beginning of the pandemic.
He did like all kinds of computer modeled x-ray crystallography of all the known pharmaceuticals in the FDA catalog to find ivermectin and famotidine and remdesivir and silicoxib.
High throughput sequencing, you know, that's the stuff that the Human Genome Project, the only thing that the Human Genome Project has provided.
The only technology that has improved as a result of the Human Genome Project.
But our ability to copy Chinese books hasn't made it any easier for us to read Chinese literature.
And we still can't proofread what we copy very well because we don't read Chinese.
You see, that's the problem with this synthetic biology bullshit.
We can make a lot of DNA and put it places, but that doesn't mean we're learning much.
And our goal is to use SARS coronavirus and its large pool of zoonotic viruses as a model to develop rapid response platforms to protect against this broader heterogeneous pool of variants.
Uh, we also would like to develop strategies that would attenuate all family members so that you could rapidly develop vaccines for the public, overall public health.
Now, uh,
A lot of beautiful work in Malik's lab, as well as other labs here in China.
Worked out the basic molecular epidemiology.
He just mentioned Malik.
I should mention that the speaker that comes after this guy is Malik Pereira, or whatever his name is.
He's like the mother, the father-in-law of Li Min Yan.
He speaks right after this guy.
The guy that isolated SARS, I think that's his name.
Biology of the SARS coronavirus.
The virus originated most likely in bats.
It probably jumped into civets or humans.
And in that context, set up a transmission cycle between civets and raccoon dogs in marketplaces and humans who frequented those marketplaces.
Over time, it selected for strains that were more efficient at infecting human cells and recognizing the human ACE2 receptor for docking and entry, leading to the 2002-2003 epidemic, which caused about 8,000 cases and 800 deaths.
Now, if you do phylogenetic analysis of the isolates that were sequenced, you find they fall into two broad categories.
This line indicates the strains underneath that line were identified during the epidemic, and you have early-phase isolates, primarily of January 2003, after a variety of super-spreading events.
You had middle-phase isolates, shown here by this group of isolates.
And then, following infected physician
who came to Hong Kong and resulted in a super-spreading event that transmitted the virus to the rest of the world.
These were considered late-phase isolates.
A vast pool of heterogeneous zoonotic strains, however, reside up here.
Most of these were, in fact, none of these were ever actually successfully cultured.
They actually exist as sequence signatures in silico.
Sequence signatures in silico.
So whole fields, whole phylogenetic trees have been created from metagenomic sequencing alone.
And again, this is one of those facts that was very conveniently delegated on the script of the no-virus people.
The no-virus people are very good at pointing this out.
But they can't take it to the logical conclusion that virology is possible if you take those same sequences and just transfect things with them.
And if you transfect things with them, with the M and the E protein, you're going to get little exosomes.
That's what happens.
That's what Ralph Baric just told you.
The N protein, the M protein, and the E protein are absolutely essential for the maturation and formation of virions.
So in other words, if you want to get those, you want to get those, you just have to transfect those proteins into your cell culture.
Now, if you can set that up with a receptor binding pair of some kind, then that makes a really nice little, very highly specific tissue exosomy thing.
And it makes a very nice story to study this stuff with not ever actually telling anybody what you're studying and never revealing that if we want to, we could make a crap ton of this because we can make pure DNA for the E protein, the M protein and the N protein and transfect cell cultures with it and then probably put a bunch of RNA in with it and they'll package it.
He's all but telling you that.
And under the guise of virology and trying to resurrect these trapped in silico variants, he's just using synthetic biology to explore how exosome signaling works and whether they can use it as a tool.
So one of the immediate goals that we became interested in during the outbreak was to develop a platform of viruses
that captured the heterogeneity that exists within the family of viruses.
And to do that, we identified sort of representative strains.
For example, middle phase, early phase isolate Irvani we had in the lab.
Middle phase isolates were CHKW1, GZO2.
It was an early phase isolate, animal isolates, like from civets, SC16 and HCSC6103.
A raccoon dog isolate, which is shown down here.
The spradic 2004 human case, GD03, and a couple of other viruses, sequences were identified as good candidates that would capture all the diversity that had been identified.
The most important thing to try and get into your head, and I really want to, I'm going to read a little bit out of this book because I think it's so cool.
Because he says it right.
And I think it's right.
I wonder if I have to read the whole introduction.
Maybe I don't.
I'm going to read the last paragraph of this introduction because I think it's really cool.
The book is Atomic Physics and Human Knowledge and it's by Niels Bohr.
And the part that I want to show is this last bit down here at the bottom.
He's talking about the contents of the book, so he's told you what the whole book is going to be about here.
And then the last group of articles is closely related to the first, but it is hoped that the improved terminology used to present the situation in quantum physics has made the general argument more easily accessible.
In its application to the problems of broader scope, emphasis is laid especially on the presuppositions for unambiguous use of the concepts employed in the account of the experience.
Sounds really complicated, right?
It's almost like you didn't understand what he said, but this last sentence is bombastic.
The gist of the argument is that for objective description and harmonious comprehension, it is necessary in almost every field of knowledge to pay attention to the circumstances under which the evidence is obtained.
The gist of the argument is that for the objective description and harmonious comprehension of nature, of our biology,
of who we are as a species, it is necessary in almost every field of knowledge relative to this to pay attention to the circumstances under which the evidence is obtained.
If the evidence that we have obtained about biology is obtained under circumstances and presuppositions,
that are false, then how we see that knowledge will necessarily be false.
And I think that's what's so cool about this.
this concept of virology and how all of us in academia, because we were taught a certain set of presumptions, and we collected a little bit of data under those presumptions and performed some, you know, experiments under those presumptions and assumed that because our experiments worked, they confirmed those presumptions, that we were put under a spell that has lasted a very long time, that intramuscular injection isn't that dangerous.
that it can be used as medicine, that a combination of substances can be injected intramuscularly without any real worry.
You can use heavy metals to attract the attention of the immune system in that context and all these other things.
And yet we have a specialist here who's telling us about signals that he purports to find in nature, but only stores them in silico.
And now he's using synthetic means to resurrect them and study their biology.
And he purports to be unaware that this is just transfection of cell cultures with, you know, tweaking and trying to understand the machinery behind it.
Or pretending not to.
This shows the sequence variation within the spike glycoprotein.
If it's a blue box amino acid, that's an animal associated residue.
Early phase changes are shown here in yellow.
Middle phase changes shown in orange and late phase changes shown in red.
In addition, in 2004, there were a variety of other animal strains, as sporadic human cases were identified, that had additional variations.
I mean, this is, again, all PCR, all metagenomic sequencing, and then targeting.
Look at this tiny little sequence in 30,000 bases.
and trying to show you that this is some kind of evidence of diversity.
But what he's not telling you is that means that all of these viruses have conserved the E protein and the M protein and the N protein because they're functionally very important to the maturation and formation of pure virions or real virions, active ones, I don't know, real ones, good ones, whatever.
And so the narrative is being laid down years before that the spike protein is relevant.
Those other proteins don't do anything except for extremely important things like form the fricking particles.
And if you can see it now in the context of the pandemic and how absurd it is to talk just about the furin cleavage site or the HIV insert or whatever else that it is without the other 31 proteins mattering at all, especially when some of those 31 proteins are functional enzymes that are highly conserved, that are structural proteins that are highly conserved.
But somehow or another, we've been convinced by all sides of the narrative that antibodies to the spike protein is important.
And that they can avoid those antibodies by just changing a few of these bases.
And Tony Fauci and Francis Collins and Robert Malone and Tucker Carlson all agree.
That Brett Weinstein is the evolutionary biology master of this stuff.
And that if you need the molecular biology, you should go to Kevin McKernan.
That's the trap that the conservative right in America has fallen into.
And you can pretend that you don't follow Alex Jones or you don't follow Laura Loomer because you always saw through her.
But the bottom line is, is that if you're on that side of the equation, that's who represents you on social media.
That's the team you're cheering for.
So when that team goes and gets burnt and gets discredited, you will go down with them.
Just like if you are on the wrong side of, or maybe,
Donald Trump and everybody on the visible right in America is on the wrong side of the Israel thing.
Those people will be permanently discredited.
Maybe they will even be accused of war crimes.
And then what?
Oh, well, I didn't follow Laura Loomer from the very beginning.
I knew Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was a fraud.
Creation shown here in white.
And it's interesting, as much of the variation actually falls within residues or regions that neutralizing epitopes were  had been identified.
And, in fact, although the number of residues that are changed aren't that great, you can actually reduce neutralization titers by about 20-fold with some of these variants.
Now, importantly,
Farzan's group shows.
I mean, this is the opposite of George James Giordano, but it's it's still it's still warfare.
This is definitely an actor.
that the two key changes during the epidemic were this lysine to asparagine change at 47.
But it's got to be an actor that's doing real molecular biology and that's one of the reasons why I'm showing you this because I want you to understand that it can't be as simple as there's no viruses.
It can't be as simple as they don't do anything.
It has to be, to a certain extent, a very high fidelity signal that they can both lie about on the right, bullshit about on the right, and
lie about on the left and it's got to be the gears have to mesh well enough so that they are sure they're right and we were sure we were right and this is how they did it 79 and a serine threonine change at 487 that drove animal adaptation to human strength
And so keep that in mind.
So without access to this pool of strains, we decided to synthesize, basically, a portfolio of spiked glycoprotein genes of about 4kB each, and then use a molecular clone for the Urbani epidemic strain that we had built in the lab, basically replacing the Urbani spike one at a time with these various spiked glycoproteins from different phases of the epidemic.
Now, all of these viruses were viable except for the SC16 variant.
This actually can't recognize the human ACE receptor, so it didn't grow until we made mouse cells that constitutively expressed the civet ACE2 receptor.
And once we did that, this virus could grow well.
Before we had those cells, since Farzan had identified this 479 change as the key residue change, we actually built a recombinant virus with that change, and that virus could be cultured.
Now, the trick to remember here is that when they produce virions, they have to start with that clone up there and one of these inserts, and then they make lots of that DNA and they throw it on a cell culture, and then that cell culture does the packaging, and then they take the supernatant off that culture, and that's the viruses.
But that's already transfecting a cell culture with a very pure DNA, which will express the M protein, the E protein, and the N protein, so cause the formation of exosomes.
And then they swap out the spike protein to see if they can change the cellular specificity or the receptor specificity.
And so, yeah, they could be playing with viruses that they could barely find in a bat, or they could be playing with general cellular signaling mechanisms, general cellular genetic signaling mechanisms that are ubiquitous across nature and across microbiomes and trying to find common themes in them.
which probably makes a little bit more sense than gain-of-function viruses and stuff like that.
Interestingly enough, two of these, the GZO2 and the HCSC6103 viruses, actually caused lethal infection in aged animals.
They produced an ARDS-like disease.
SARS caused ARDS in humans, predominantly in aged populations.
That's acute respiratory distress syndrome.
It's a clinically devastating end-stage lung disease
with about a 50% mortality rate.
So these are actually some of the first real good animal models for SARS infection.
Now, these viruses replicate, the human epidemic strains replicate efficiently in human airway epithelial cultures.
These are cultures that are derived from cells lining the trachea of transplant patients.
You can actually culture them on liquid air interfaces and they take on the architecture of the human airway.
The architecture would be the mucosal membrane where again it is well known that phages are able to pass very freely while bacteria get trapped in mucuses and that actually was discovered on coral reefs but actually the mucus on coral reefs serves a very simple similar purpose as the mucus inside of your GI tract and lungs.
All the epidemic strains actually like to infect ciliated cells
And these epidemic strains replicate very efficiently.
The animal strains, however, do not.
And this is just some fluorescent microscope images showing the cilia of the ciliated cells with an expression of the SARS nucleocapsid protein from an epidemic strain on the ciliated cells.
And the zoonotic strains, SC16 and the HCSC6103, can't replicate.
However, if you passage these viruses on human airway cells and culture,
you can actually rapidly select out variants that can replicate efficiently in human airways.
Those viruses actually do not contain the mutations that- Again, see, he's showing you that when they transfect cells, the transcript that they can detect changes, but then they focus on such a narrow portion of the 30,000 bases that could have changed and focus only on what, 12?
That seems crazy, right?
It would be like focusing on the fourth word in the fourth chapter of a book as the only relevant word of changing anything.
And yet this is how this kind of biology was presented all the way back then, because this is already a scripted fraud.
And there's nobody in the room that's prepared to challenge him because none of them work on this.
that had been predicted by Mike Farzan, which were clearly responsible for the 2002-2003 epidemic.
Rather, we saw changes at positions 442 and 472 and 479 that mediated the cross-species transmission event.
So in reality, we've done this a couple of times.
I mean, this is around the same time that the Human Genome Project is declaring its victory.
And so he is essentially portraying a high fidelity ability to monitor a DNA or RNA molecule in culture.
and read specific bases and watch them change.
And that is exactly the same enchantment that the Human Genome Project at the same time is engaged in on the front cover of Time and in front of big press conferences with Francis Collins and Mark Lander, saying that they've sequenced another human and another human.
And yet this month, this year, a paper came out saying that a deeper human sequence than ever has been done.
Now we really did it.
That's the admission you need to see.
That's the admission that there's no more useful cutting-edge science to be done in animals if we want that cutting-edge science to work in humans and be applicable to humans.
Humans must be the
the experimental animal.
And one of the ways to experiment with human exosomal signaling would be to tell elaborate stories about viruses that circulate the globe and 1.7 million viruses that are waiting to jump into us.
There's actually several pathways by which the zoonotic SARS could actually adapt and recognize the human ACE receptor.
What's interesting is that the epidemic strains actually efficiently use... So Janet Reno says that if I don't tell him to fuck off because he's a fuckwit, then I'm admitting that he's not a bad guy?
Janet Reno, you are a fuckwit, and all of the...
The chat that you've done over the last hour shows how much of a fuckwit you are.
If you were my friend, you would have encouraged me.
If you were my friend, you would have said, why don't you take off a month and start your non-profit?
Why don't you take off a month and try to work on your book?
Why don't you take off a month and spend some time with your family?
Instead, you told me to take off a month and try to sue a lawyer who's trying to help a cop in California.
Janet Reno, adios amigo.
Both the human ACE receptor and the civet ACE receptor.
When we in vitro select for human adapted strains on human airway cultures, they actually lose the ability to recognize the civet receptor.
What this data suggests to us actually is that SARS had existed in a transmission cycle between humans and civets actually probably for several years prior to the 2002-2003 epidemic, allowing the virus to gain the capacity to recognize both receptors.
Okay, so those are the easy ones to do.
Oh, an application.
As most of my regular viewers are aware, I have been trying to greatly reduce my swearing and certainly greatly increase the amount of control I have during a live stream when being provoked by people in the chat or being provoked by a video that I didn't screen before I watched.
And for this last outbreak, again, I will apologize, but Janet Reno is somebody that I've known for a long time, and I believe
for a long time had my good intentions in mind but the recent developments have come to play where obviously his performance in the chat is just a giant admission that he's a clown because if he was really my friend and he really thinks something bad was happening while we were texting there were lots of other ways to solve that problem besides texting fuck you or texting me that he can't watch my stream anymore because I swear and he
Works in the government where nobody swears and I just don't understand what's going on I don't understand who Janet Reno is if Janet Reno really wanted to be my friend
then in the end he would realize that the biology I'm trying to teach and these little phrases, you know, are really easy for him to share with anybody he wants to, like intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea from the 1800s, or just that RNA can't pandemic, or autism spectrum disorder is an elaborate mythology that allows both sides to be fooled.
Instead, he says that I can't share any of your streams with anybody because you swear too much.
And now he's tried to disrupt my stream for about an hour and a half as a reaction to that.
And all I did was tell him, please stop contacting me.
I think we would better be a better off.
You know, I have my life to live.
You have your life to live.
Hopefully we'll
will score the touchdowns.
But now suddenly it's a friend who's hurt.
It feels a lot like what Piper Stover did to me when I told Piper Stover to stop contacting me.
She started crying on the phone telling me that I can't believe you don't believe me anymore.
Instead of thinking about other ways that you could fight for your kids and use the stuff that I figured out and go build something on your own, you wasted an hour in the chat trying to discredit me to my followers that you seem to,
love to ridicule as being hardly any.
Janet Reno unfortunately ladies and gentlemen was probably just somebody who was put in place a long time ago to try and monitor me or influence me and the last few things that he tweeted me over the last message me over the last couple days have resulted in this disruption right here.
And I don't know what to tell you.
He tried to interrupt the life of Mark Kulak, and he also tried to interrupt the life of some other followers that he met when he came to my house for the third or fourth time.
The first time he came to my house was with Piper Stover.
So now that we had a large panel of variant viruses, we could use those for therapeutic testing or for vaccines.
In this case, I'm going to show you an example of about 30 human monoclonal antibodies that were derived by
Antonio Lansovecchia.
If you take those 30 monoclonals and test their ability to neutralize all the strains that we've made in the laboratory, you find some that only neutralize.
So you're going to hear a lot of stuff in the next few weeks about monoclonals and whether antibodies are just bullshit or not.
I've seen some of these fakes on the right now starting to talk about how maybe antibodies are just something that doesn't really work the way they say it works.
And that would be
pretty absurd because antibodies have been used for a wide variety of very nicely done applications in manufacturing and protein biologics.
It's just that there's a lot of flaws and that they're not foolproof.
And they are not uniform unless synthetically made that way.
And so there's a lot about polyclonal antibodies and a lot about the production of polyclonal antibodies that has been exaggerated for years.
And in fact, that intellectual property collapsing during the pandemic is one of the things that was brought to our attention or clarified, or we got a lot of help with from this person in the chat, Janet Reno.
And thanks to Janet Reno for helping us with that.
that the antibody patent paradox that was published in the Yale Law School Review ends up to be a very big clue about some of the underlying motivations behind the theater of the pandemic and why they had to work the way they did to kind of have these stumbling points like monoclonal antibodies and adenovirus transfections that they ended up pulling off the market for cardiac effects and clotting and then now they're
Six years later, the dissident movement is saying that they always knew that the mRNA was going to cause clotting because the spike protein is nasty.
And so this is a national security narrative that is absolutely continuous.
with the stuff that they were doing with SARS and MERS in the early 2000s.
And if you can see it that way, then the whole thing isn't very surprising because in order to pull this off, you would need to have people that were skeptical and under control and scripted
like epi girl in the spars pandemic document like jessica rose and meryl nass and robert malone behind somebody who's much more public facing like robert f kennedy jr and then the opposite side to discredit him visor bonnie some that neutralize all human strains some that neutralize some civets but not all the animal strains
but you do end up with four antibodies that neutralize all strains that we have in our portfolio.
Four antibodies.
And so presumably when he says that, I even imagine that he's already gone monoclonal.
So if he's already gone monoclonal, then he's using full synthetic methodologies and he is making a pure antibody, which would have relatively high specificity for the same, you know, the same sequence and all those molecules.
That's possible.
including the ones that were in vitro.
And the reason why he would do that is because he already knew that that's the way you get intellectual property.
The polyclonal antibodies, which can be produced to these epitopes, are no longer intellectual
valid as intellectual property.
That's what that antibody patent paradox was all about, was that the biology underlying these patents was now understood to not be as high fidelity.
And so what they were claiming in their patents was not what they could claim.
They couldn't claim the uniqueness.
...adapted on human airway cultures.
Importantly, if you select for escape mutants, these antibodies select for changes in different locations of the receptor binding domain.
And in fact, three of them actually don't overlap.
The S109, the 230, and the 227.
don't overlap.
And so the- Well, one thing I would like to say about antibodies is, is that again, like a lot of these molecular biological concepts, if you use them on the bench and you know, you have two proteins in your container and you want an antibody that will separate one protein from the other or, or bind to and fluoresce on one protein or the other, that's pretty easy.
Because the difference between, you know, the background and the target is so great that you don't need a very special antibody.
But once you start, you know, doing what they're doing, which is saying that antibodies are special for these epitopes and one base difference or another is difference, then I think they're really implying a specificity that doesn't exist.
These represent good therapeutic cocktails.
that would capture most of the diversity.
And a therapeutic cocktail is what that lady from the plumber lab in Canada was evaluating against or versus remdesivir when she disappeared or was killed in 2020.
Again, a cocktail of three antibodies.
I can't remember the name of it, but.
It exists in SARS and probably work in potential patients that would be infected during future epidemics.
And these also actually protect young and aged animals from lethal infection.
That was a paper published by Barry Rock.
So from his perspective, he might have a monoclonal antibody already in his freezer that could potentially be the pandemic lifesaver and therefore, you know, his, his multi-generational wealth.
That's, that's what he has been shown as far as his limited script.
A couple of papers.
Now, uh, the civet and the raccoon dog strains are the easy ones.
The true reservoir for SARS is within bat population.
So if you look at a phylogenetic tree, the human strains are shown here in red, the civet strains, raccoon dog strains are shown in purple, but the real variation is within the bat strains.
The reservoir, it's thought that these were probably the reservoir for the emergence of the virus.
Now, these are about 80 to 90% identical to SARS.
They can't be cultured, and they exist as sequence signatures in silico.
There's also extensive variation through the replicase and elsewhere in the genome.
So we decided we were going to synthetically resurrect the entire virus.
Now, before we started, it's important to note, this is a synthetically resurrect.
I mean, he said that twice now.
He didn't have to say that.
He could say synthetically reconstruct.
but they use the word resurrect on purpose because this is an enchantment.
Cryo-EM reconstruction of the SARS glycoprotein spike.
Notice that there are three receptor binding domains shown here with bubbles that actually engage the ACE2 receptor.
If you look at the sequence, the receptor binding domain shown here in yellow, there's a large amount of sequence variation, especially within the contact interface residues that engage the human ACE receptor.
And in fact, there's only four of 13 contact interface residues that are retained in these bat strains.
So we don't actually think it's going to use the human ACE receptor to get into cells.
In fact, we think we're going to have a tough time culturing this virus.
Now, it's important to note that the SARS RBD that was identified has been proposed by a couple of groups that it may have been introduced by recombination processes from unknown strains that haven't yet been identified.
and that that led to the initial cross-species transmission events.
Now, to get back to the issue of in silico sequences, they actually represent hypothetical viruses.
Most synthetic viruses that have been resurrected to this point, actually we knew that the sequence was infectious.
In this case, we actually don't know which of the sequences in GenBank were infectious.
Ralph Baric is a BS.
Reservoir is fantastic.
Thank you very much for that laugh.
So to do that, with an error rate in GenBank ranging from about 1 to 500 to 1 to 10,000, depending on who did the sequence, we had to do extensive bioinformatic analysis to identify what we thought was the likely consensus sequence.
None of the strains that we actually saw we thought were completely correct.
Some of them had deletions in the sequence at the five prime end, so we had to make some educated guesses.
The basic approach that we build coronaviruses using our molecular clone, as shown here,
with the SARS clone shown in blue.
The clone is broken into six, five KB, about five KB pieces.
Each piece is flanked by bagel one restriction endonuclease sites.
These are class two S restriction enzymes that recognize a palindromic sequence, but cut and leave asymmetric ends.
It doesn't sound like he's using the restriction enzymes described in the diffuse proposal at all.
Does it?
In fact, he's explicitly saying he's not using that technique.
He has something better.
Did you hear it?
This allows, uh, since these ends are asymmetric, basic approach that we build coronaviruses using our molecular clone is shown here with the SARS clone shown in blue.
It's the clone is broken into a six, five KB, about five KB pieces.
Each piece is flanked by bagel one restriction endonuclease sites.
These are class two S restriction enzymes that recognize a palindromic sequence.
So each one of them is the same site, and it's not the enzymes that CHD and Veritas and the diffuse proposal used.
It's just not.
And yet here he is showing you exactly how they do the no-see-um technique, the reconstruction of coronaviruses.
This is how they do it.
But Kevin McKernan went on a bunch of podcasts saying that, you know, Ralph Baric does it like, well, like the restriction enzymes that, that Alex Washburn and Charles Rixey found.
That they reported in a diffuse proposal.
They said they were going to do it.
Oops.
But cut and leave asymmetric ends.
This allows, since these ends are asymmetric, they actually will not concatemerize like classic sticky ends left by restriction enzymes, but rather they become directional.
So if you end clone A. He can't use regular restriction enzymes to do no-see-um.
Holy cow, it sounds like I've been right all along, doesn't it?
With a bagel site that leaves one three-nucleotide overhag and the five prime end of the B fragment with the complementary three-nucleotide overhag, they go together directly.
You change different bagel sites at each piece.
And this allows them to assemble up into 30 KB chromosomes like Tinker Toys.
Now the synthetic bat genome that we made using Blue Heron and BioBasic basically is interchangeable with the Urbani clone.
Now the point is, is that if they wanted Shengxi Li to find it, they could just make it.
If they wanted to find it in the wet market, they could just dump it there.
If they wanted somebody to get sick from it, they could just spray it on them and hope.
They could spray it on them plus something else.
If they wanted to find the spike protein, they could spray a smaller DNA molecule.
If they're going to use PCR to find it, it's foolproof.
And this is the simple reality that both the no-virus people and the amyloidosis people don't seem to be able to enunciate for six years.
That's how you can see them as being two sides or three sides of the same scripted fraud.
The only real difference was that we broke the F-fragment into two pieces so that we could play with the receptor binding domain easily if this thing didn't turn out to be infectious.
And in fact, we made this clone, we built the full-on cDNA, we drove transcripts, electrocuted that.
Also, Reginald, think about the idea that if you spent an enormous amount of energy, you know, like with somebody like Nathan Wolfe and his apparatus, characterizing the background that was available,
then you would have the added benefit of whatever you released could be based on that background.
And therefore you don't even need to release a lot if, you know, a particular kind of blue paint is already found all around the world, but you want to claim it's spreading.
You could just dump a little bit here and then claim you found it everywhere else, especially if it's a molecule, right?
Or a signal in the background.
And so that's really the level of malevolence that could easily have gone on here.
where for 20 years the narrative was seated so that everybody would all would never be in a position to question it.
and that the experts that defined it would be right in the position to maintain it when it would be under question during the pandemic.
And that's what a national security operation looks like.
That's why none of these people that are in front of us right now will ever be able to tell you that endemicity is a myth.
Instead, we have people like Ralph Baric in front of us telling that endemicity is what is the worst case scenario.
That's also why they can't explain this background
And why Ralph Baric exists is to make sure that this background is always a limited understanding.
This is for all the children of Earth, ladies and gentlemen.
It's for all the marbles.
So people are going to freak out.
And it doesn't matter because the truth is the truth.
You don't need me to learn the truth.
You just need to know that God didn't send Donald Trump.
The DOD isn't deploying a kill box.
The spike shot was not a bioweapon deployed by the DOD, and pandemics, you know, do not occur naturally, is not a very useful way to talk to your family and friends, just like the Trump administration is not destroying our democracy any more than Obama or Clinton or Biden did.
or George W. Bush.
COVID is not a disaster of dumb people.
It was an orchestrated national security theater.
And pandemics do not happen.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not killing a bunch of kids.
But this is dangerous that that's what the blue and the red think.
This is very easy, ladies and gentlemen.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea for the late 1800s.
Transfection was always dumb because it's an old technology.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And autism is a meaningless word by design.
Thank you very much for being here.
Sorry about the disruption in the chat.
Hopefully they'll tire out like the other ones have or they'll try to sort it out offline because I don't really understand how this is
the behavior of a normal American man.
Whatever's going on over the last couple days in my signal chat and now in the chat of my show is some, it feels like a performance.
I don't know what to tell you, ladies and gentlemen.
I thought I had a friend and now I have somebody freaking out like a 13-year-old child.
And so not very dissimilar to how Kevin McCarron flipped out, how Kevin McKernan flipped out.
When you stop trusting people, they flip out.
And I don't think friends do that.
I think actors do that, because they realize they're losing their role on stage.
So if we don't see Jan Arino again, and if regular guy on YouTube doesn't make any more YouTube videos, or makes one that's anti gigaohm biological, I say watch it.
Evaluate it.
I'm not afraid.
That's who that is.
I don't know why he's lost his mind, but I guess it's because I'm not doing what I'm supposed to do, and instead I'm doing this.
So, whatever this car wreck is, I hope it's okay for you, and if you like it, find a way to support it at GigaHomeBiological.com, because I'm not going away.
Our children are trapped in a national security theater, and Janarito doesn't want me to tell you to get off social media because I'm not providing an alternative.
That's actually true.
Janet Reno doesn't want me to tell people to get off social media because I don't have an alternative.
See you later, Janet.
It's been nice knowing you.
Here's the alternative to social media.
It starts with producing your own peer tube.
Thanks a lot for being here.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
What a terrible day.
Yikes.